sorrynotsorry

high

# MAX_WAIT_TIME is short that might endanger the service ability of the protocol

## Summary
`MAX_WAIT_TIME` is short enough to cancel the queued trades in case of network congestion and network down times.
## Vulnerability Detail
`resolveQueuedTrades` function validates the queued trades and they're either opened or canceled due to validation.
One validation is `(block.timestamp - queuedTrade.queuedTime <= MAX_WAIT_TIME)`
If this validation pass, the queued trades are opened via `_openQueuedTrade`
But, if the ETH network is congested and there is surging in block production, the queued trades that are pending to be resolved might be cancelled since the `MAX_WAIT_TIME` variable is set to 1 minute.

## Impact
Since the congested network occurs due to large price fluctuations in the market, such as a sudden price fall where everybody wants to sell their assets or a bright price jump where everybody wants to be a buyer, the traders would like to utilize these moments by the options. But it might not be available to create one due to MAX_WAIT_TIME. So the protocol might not be serving the traders when actually needed in the correct time.

Loss of funds due to double gas payment.
The users will have to call `initiateTrade` again.
The users will have queueID's in `userQueuedIds` which are not opened and accounted.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
if (block.timestamp - queuedTrade.queuedTime <= MAX_WAIT_TIME) {
    _openQueuedTrade(currentParams.queueId, currentParams.price);
} else {
    _cancelQueuedTrade(currentParams.queueId);
```
[Permalink](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferRouter.sol#L167-L170)

```solidity
uint16 MAX_WAIT_TIME = 1 minutes;
```
[Permalink](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferRouter.sol#L15)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider increasing the MAX_WAIT_TIME.