0xadrii

low

# `resolveQueuedTrades()` and `unlockOptions()` failed txs are open to replay attacks

## Summary
`resolveQueuedTrades()` and `unlockOptions()` failed txs are open to replay attacks, allowing the replayer to submit the whole bunch of transactions and earn the keeper payment.
## Vulnerability Detail
`resolveQueuedTrades()` and `unlockOptions()` allow keepers to open, cancel and close options by submitting an array of options, signed by the publisher. Inisde these functions, the array of options is iterated and each of the options signature is verified by calling the `_validateSigner` function, which internally uses [`ECDSA.recover()` library](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/utils/cryptography/ECDSA.sol) from OpenZeppelin.

Currently, if the signer of any of the options passed as param is different from the publisher, the code tries to silently fail by emitting an event, and keep on with the execution. The problem with this approach is that it does not consider incorrectly signed options. 
Let's consider the scenario where a keeper submits an array of signed options. If one of the signed options passed in the array is poorly signed, `ECDSA.recover()` will revert the transaction (internally, ECDSA library uses `ecrecover`, which will return address(0) as recovered address because of the poorly signed data, and revert). This will make the whole transaction fail and revert. Because the keeper is passing an array of options, some of the other options passed might be correctly signed, but because the whole transaction failed any user can then have access to this correctly signed data inside the failed transaction reflected in the blockchain, and try to replay it, earning the payment for opening/cancelling/closing each option, and leaving the initial keeper without the payment.

## Impact
Raising as LOW because it is hard for this scenario to take place, but could potentially lead to a loss of payment earnings to the Buffer's team keepers or any other user if the decide to set the `isInPrivateKeeperMode` to false (allowing any actor to play as keeper).

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferRouter.sol#L143
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferRouter.sol#L203
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferRouter.sol#L269
```solidity
function resolveQueuedTrades(OpenTradeParams[] calldata params) external {
        ...
            bool isSignerVerifed = _validateSigner(
                currentParams.timestamp,
                currentParams.asset,
                currentParams.price,
                currentParams.signature
            );
            // Silently fail if the signature doesn't match
            if (!isSignerVerifed) {
                emit FailResolve(
                    currentParams.queueId,
                    "Router: Signature didn't match"
                );
                continue;
            }
           ...
    }

function unlockOptions(CloseTradeParams[] calldata optionData) external {
        ...

            bool isSignerVerifed = _validateSigner(
                params.expiryTimestamp,
                params.asset,
                params.priceAtExpiry,
                params.signature
            );

            ...
            // Silently fail if the signature doesn't match
            if (!isSignerVerifed) {
                emit FailUnlock(
                    params.optionId,
                    "Router: Signature didn't match"
                );
                continue;
            }

           ...

    }

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In solidity, low-level calls don't propagate any exceptions, they only return a boolean which indicates if the call succeeded or encountered an exception. Performing a low-level call when calling the `ECDSA.recover()` function will allow the Buffer team to handle the function's success. If the function fails, it will return a boolean indicating so, thus allowing Buffer to handle the issue silently and return `false` in the `_validateSigner()` function.