Deivitto

medium

# Single-step process for critical ownership transfer/renounce is risky

## Summary
Single-step process for critical ownership transfer/renounce is risky
## Vulnerability Detail
See similar High Risk severity finding from Trail-of-Bits Audit of Hermez.
https://github.com/trailofbits/publications/blob/master/reviews/hermez.pdf
See similar Medium Risk severity finding from Trail-of-Bits Audit of Uniswap V3:
https://github.com/Uniswap/v3-core/blob/main/audits/tob/audit.pdf
## Impact
The following contracts and functions, allow owners to interact with core functions such as:

- In `OptionsConfig.sol`: `settraderNFTContract`, `setMinFee`, `setOptionFeePerTxnLimitPercent`, `setOverallPoolUtilizationLimit`, `setAssetUtilizationLimit`, `setMaxPeriod`, `setMinPeriod`, `setMarketTime`, `setSettlementFeeDisbursalContract`

- In `ReferralStorage.sol`: `configure`, `setReferrerTier`, `setTraderReferralCode`

Given that `OptionsConfig.sol` and `ReferralStorage.sol` are derived from `Ownable`, the ownership management of this contract defaults to `Ownable` ’s `transferOwnership()` and `renounceOwnership()` methods which are not overridden here. 


Such critical address transfer/renouncing in one-step is very risky because it is irrecoverable from any mistakes

Scenario: If an incorrect address, e.g. for which the private key is not known, is used accidentally then it prevents the use of all the `onlyOwner()` functions forever, which includes the changing of various critical addresses and parameters. This use of incorrect address may not even be immediately apparent given that these functions are probably not used immediately. 

When noticed, due to a failing `onlyOwner()` function call, it will force the redeployment of these contracts and require appropriate changes and notifications for switching from the old to new address. This will diminish trust in the protocol and incur a significant reputational damage.
## Code Snippet
- `Ownable`
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/OptionsConfig.sol#L13
contract OptionsConfig is Ownable, IOptionsConfig {

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/ReferralStorage.sol#L13
contract ReferralStorage is IReferralStorage, Ownable {

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Recommend overriding the inherited methods to null functions and use separate functions for a two-step address change:
1. Approve a new address as a `pendingOwner`
2. A transaction from the `pendingOwner` address claims the pending ownership change.

This mitigates risk because if an incorrect address is used in step (1) then it can be fixed by re-approving the correct address. Only after a correct address is used in step (1) can step (2) happen and complete the address/ownership change.

Also, consider adding a time-delay for such sensitive actions. And at a minimum, use a multisig owner address and not an EOA.
