__141345__

medium

# non standard ERC20 support

## Summary

According to the "On-chain context" description, any ERC20 should be supported. 

> DEPLOYMENT: arbitrum
> ERC20: any
> ERC721: none
> ADMIN: trusted


But some ERC20 may be tricky for the balance. Such as:
- fee on transfer (STA, USDT also has this mode)
- rebasing (aToken from AAVE)
- variable balance (stETH, balance could go up and down)

Even USDC could have new feature in the future, since it is upgradable. Fee on transfer is one possibility.

For these tokens, the balance can change over time, even without `transfer()/transferFrom()`. But current accounting stores the spot balance of the asset. 



## Vulnerability Detail

The spot transfer amount is used when transfer fund.
- `lock()` -> `premium`
- `_provide()` -> `mint`
- `initiateTrade()` -> `totalFee`

But the amount received could be less due to the fee. And the balance could change after some period due to the variable balance.



## Impact


The impacts include:
- the locked premium amount for each option could be inaccurate
- the withdraw and settlement could fail due to insufficient balance
- the protocol could lose fund in every `provide()` and `withdraw()` due to the fee incurred
- the amount user withdraw  will be inaccurate
- some fund could be locked due to the balance inflation/deflation
    - excess fund could not be accounted for the user
    - insufficient balance causing DoS when withdraw



## Code Snippet


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferBinaryPool.sol#L161-L166


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferBinaryPool.sol#L229-L243



https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferRouter.sol#L86-L109


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- checking the before and after balance of token transfer
- recording the relative shares of each user instead of specific amount
- if necessary, call `ERC20(token).balanceOf()` to confirm the balance
- disallow such kind of tokens
