gandu

unlabeled

# Manipulation of LPTOKEN(Buffer LP Token) when totalSupply is zero can lead to implicit minimum deposit amount and loss of user funds due to rounding errors

## Summary
- When totalSupply is zero an attacker goes ahead and executes the following steps
  - 1.The attacker calls [provide](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferBinaryPool.sol#L102) function of bufferBinnerPool Contract with 1 Wei underlying tokens(tokenX) to mint LPToken(BLP)
  - 2.They will get 1wei of the underlying token amount of LPToken(BLP)
  - 3.They transfer z underlying tokens directly to bufferBinnerPool contract address.
        - This leads to 1 wei of LPToken(BLP) worth z (+ some small amount)
      - Attacker won't have any problem making this z as big as possible as they have all the claim to it as a holder of 1 Wei of LPToken(BLP)
## Vulnerability Detail
- This attack has two implications
  - 1.The first deposit can be front run and stolen
    - Let's assume there is a first user trying to mint some LPToken(BLP) using their k*z underlying tokens
    - An attacker can see this transaction and carry out the above-described attack making sure that k<1.
    - This leads to the first depositor getting zero LPToken(BLP) for their k*z underlying tokens. All the tokens are redeemable by the attacker using their 1 wei of LPToken.
  - 2.Implicit minimum Amount and funds lost due to rounding errors
    - If an attacker is successful in making 1 wei of LPToken(BLP) worth z underlying tokens and a user tries to mint LPToken(BLP) using k* z underlying tokens then,
      - If k<1, then the user gets zero LPToken(BLP) and all of their underlying tokens get proportionally divided between LPToken(BLP) holders
        - This leads to an implicit minimum amount for a user at the attacker's discretion.
      - If k>1, then users still get some LPToken(BLP) but they lose (k- floor(k)) * z) of underlying tokens which get proportionally divided between LPToken(BLP) holders due to rounding errors.
    - This means that for users to not lose value, they have to make sure that k is an integer.

## Main Reason:
Calculating the [totalTokenXBalance()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferBinaryPool.sol#L411) variable using a balance(address(this)) while minting token, so the amount attacker will transfer is also calculated. And [totalTokenXBalance()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-buffer/blob/main/contracts/contracts/core/BufferBinaryPool.sol#L230) function is the denominator in the mint variable. 

## Maths:
here BalanceOF(address(this)) == X + 1Wei now mint token will be :
  - amount/BalanceOF(address(this)
  - = Y/(X+1wei) (here denominator is greater than numerator ) = 0.something
  - = 0 (solidity round of math)


## Impact
- this leads to the infinity amount of the user funds lost. also BufferBinaryPool contract is pool contract so that impecting other upcoming pool too.


## Recommendation
I like how [BalancerV2](https://github.com/balancer-labs/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/master/pkg/pool-utils/contracts/BasePool.sol#L269-L283) and [UniswapV2](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-core/blob/master/contracts/UniswapV2Pair.sol#L119-L121) do it. some minimum amount of pool tokens get burnt when the first mint happens. 
